If I can get the cooperation of Kyushu Business Alliance
The top floor of the Oriental Pearl
Buy the heart of the ocean
You will cancel the engagement with Su Yizawa
Marry Me
Ok I bet you
If you lose the bet and can't do it
Please get away
I don't want to see you.
Cher, you are so kind to me.
You deliberately made me angry and drove me away
I'm just afraid that the Su family will take its anger on you
Involve me
Don't worry, I'll work hard.
Is this person sick?
Little master
How was it?
Lao Han
Immediately help me prepare for the Shangmeng offshore power generation project
And the top floor of the Oriental Pearl.
Prepare for the Heart of the Ocean
I want to celebrate Cher's birthday
No problem, I'll move it
What a coincidence
Master Su ran over to make Cher happy
No need.
Go back because ah
He will soon become my woman
Humph
You think your dirty tricks
Can succeed